Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, you're going to need a lot.
So we use widgets.
Now, what we're going to do first is over here, we're going to have a divider.
And at the middle, we are going to have a test which is going to say account settings.
And then over here we're going to have a divider as well.
Now, with my explanation, you can see it's going to look similar to what we have over here.
So what we can do is we can make this reusable.
Okay?
To do this, we're going to need to go back to our VTS code.
Now you can see we have this row of widgets and the reason for this row is because we want to display
these three main widgets horizontally that is from left to right.
And you can see we basically have the the first divider, which is what you say over here, the test,
which is what you see over here, and the last divider, which is what you see over here.
Okay.
So what we can now do is we can alight and we're going to go to the extract widgets.
Now we're going to call this repeated.
Pete said, make sure it is a capital letter since it is a class repeated.
Pete said the further click on Enter and you can see it obvious what we can do and copy that and you
can see it is created below this.
And right after the pardon the remember the pardon is basically for this container and we are basically
using the pardon to wrap the container.
Hope you know that to have this space within the hedges.
So we're going to paste this right after the pardon before then we need a chain of command and we can
then pass this.
We can use control and that's to save over there.
Okay.
You're going to see the value.
Now, the issue is it has the same details.
That is, the account is for account info.
Now what we can then do is we can make this dynamic to do that within the created within the created
repeated divider, we're going to create a final variable and we're going to call this title and.
It is a test.
So this is the type of string.
In the value we can then say required.
And the reason for this required is we are saying anytime we call this title, we need to pass a value
to it.
Okay.
So this is going to be this.
This does tie to how do you recover and the cost to make it required you can see is asking for the value
to that to.
So instead of this we can get rid of this and pass in the title.
How did you look over and over here?
We can then say.
So I'm just going to click on this error.
You for this title.
And this is going to say accounts.
Accounts in for.
Okay.
Click on this and try to.
This is going to say accounts.
Cities.
Okay.
We can just give some breathing space.
It's in this and use control and that's the save.
And you can see the consensus over here.
Okay.
Sounds good, right?
Now, this is your assignment.
You're going to try to make this container reusable.
That is this entire container.
I remember we have this list in this container, right?
So you're going to make this entire container reusable and you're going to change all this value.
Right.
Okay.
So you're going to do that over here.
So try to see if you can do that.
And in the next lecture, we are going to do it together.
Okay.